# SNHU-CS370
In this project, I developed the Deep Q-Learning algorithm for an AI to use to solve mazes. The theme is a treasure hunt, so the intelligent agent is a pirate, and the target square of the maze is the treasure. The rest of the code (besides the algorithm) was given. This includes the neural network, the visual representation of the game, the testing of the game, and the playing of the game. The helper files TreasureMaze.py and GameExperience.py are necessary and help provide this code. The algorithm was carefully developed to allow the pirate to explore and exploit the maze (using point values assigned to each tile) until it arrives at the treasure. Ultimately, the pirate optimizes its path to reach the treasure as quickly as possible for any maze configuration.

In general, computer scientists take problems and use variables, functions, algorithms (like the Deep Q-Learning algorithm developed in this project), data structures (like the maze object in the game), and other computational tools like statistical analysis to solve problems that would be impossible to solve by hand. The computer scientist deeply considers a problem, sketches an outline of the solution and builds a flowchart that demonstrates the logic to be used to solve the problem. Then, the computer scientist takes this logic and applies the syntax needed for a programming language to understand the problem. This programming language is interpreted and compiled by the computer, solving the problem. These code creators are responsible to the end user and to the organization they work for to produce code that is free of errors, but, in practice, there are always some bugs. The computer scientist must maintain their software, too, as the end user discovers bugs or requires new features.
